And we're updating the product.
We need to populate out of the details so that switch back to the application here and we will work
on the product controller.
Let's stop the application.
If they scroll up, we would have to go to the absurd get action method right here.
It does not matter if the ID is not or not.
We still need to load our view model with the drop down menu.
What will be different right here?
If product is now, that looks good.
If that is not now, this means that we need to modify the product fuel model dark product.
We have to load our product from unit of work dock product that get first our default.
We need to pass the link expression here so you that it is equal equal to the ID that we receive in
parameter right here.
So based on that, people retrieve the product when we retrieve the product.
We do not want any of the foreign keys like category or cover type to be loaded.
So we do not want to include any properties.
Once the product is loaded, we can return back to the View with the product view model.
We can cut this and paste it right here.
Let's throw up.
Everything looks good.
Let's run the application.
Let's go to product here.
And let's edit.
Perfect.
We can see everything is loaded, including the category and cover type.
Let's change the display name for these properties.
So let me stop the application with a modified that inside the product model, where we have the cover
type with a display name is equal to what we just call it cover type.
Let me copy that for category where we scroll up the price hundred, we will call it price 400 plus
that will cover this price for fifty two hundred.
And right here we will paste that price for one to fifty.
And this will be 51 to 100 and perfect that looks good for the display price.
I will add one more here and I'll say this list price.
The next thing that we want to worry about is on the post action matter of absurd what should happen
if we are updating?
Let's do that in the next week, you.